Documentation (#769)
home-assistant/operating-system: README.md

# Home Assistant Operating System

> Home Assistant Operating System (HassOS) is an operating system optimized for hosting [Home Assistant](https://www.home-assistant.io) and its [Add-ons](https://www.home-assistant.io/addons/).

Author: see commit 61e7793

> HassOS is uses Linux as a hypervisor for Docker, allowing each component of Home Assistant including add-ons to run in separate docker containers. It uses embedded Linux based on [buildroot](https://buildroot.org/), which is different to a "normal" Linux, and it is optimized for running Home Assistant on IoT devices.

Reviewer: Also here, it should be Home Assistant Operating System (or OS) (see https://community.home-assistant.io/t/changing-the-home-assistant-brand/167500/16). I would drop the term "hypervisor", as this is more commonly used in the context of virtual machine. This is about containers.

Maybe:

```suggestion
Home Assistant Operating System uses Docker as Container engine. It by default deploys the Home Assistant Supervisor as a container. Home Assistant Supervisor in turn uses the Docker container engine to control Home Assistant Core and Add-Ons in separate containers. Home Assistant Operating System is **not** based on a regular Linux distribution like Ubuntu. It is built using [buildroot](https://buildroot.org/), a tool to build Linux based Operating Systems from source for embedded/IoT devices.
```

Author: Merged these comments with previous comments on this paragraph. See commit 2190d41.

## Features

- Lightweight and memory-efficient
- Minimized I/O
- Over The Air (OTA) updates
- Offline updates
- Modular using Docker

## Supported hardware

- Raspberry Pi
- Hardkernel ODROID
- Intel NUC
- Asus Tinker Board
- Virtual appliances

See full list and specific models [here]

## Getting Started

> If you just want to use Home Assistant the official [getting started guide](https://www.home-assistant.io/getting-started/) and [installation instructions](https://www.home-assistant.io/hassio/installation/) take you through how to download HassOS and get it running on your machine.

Reviewer: Replace HassOS with Home Assistant Operating System here, as well as in the sentence and title below.

Author: resolved in 57cbd3f
